[ZT] Update deploy-cloudflared-replicas.md (#10223)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/install-and-setup/deploy-cloudflared-replicas.md

### Deploy `cloudflared` replicas

> To deploy multiple instances of `cloudflared`, you can create and configure one tunnel and run it as multiple different processes. If your tunnel runs as a service, only one `cloudflared` instance is allowed per host.

Author: ```suggestion
To deploy multiple instances of `cloudflared`, you can create and configure one tunnel and run it on multiple hosts. If your tunnel runs as a service, only one `cloudflared` instance is allowed per host.
```

2. On the **Tunnels** page, select your newly created tunnel. The **Connectors** section shows all of the `cloudflared` instances for that tunnel.
3. Select **Configure**.
4. Select the operating system of the host where you want to deploy a replica.

> 5. Copy the installation command and run it on the host. 

Author: ```suggestion
5. Copy the installation command and run it on the host.
```
